v0.1.0 closes #265 (#266)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-oci: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v0.1.0 [2021-08-04]

Reviewer: When releasing, please remember to update this date

_What's new?_

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed: Restrict get api call only to root compartment and one zone per region ([#264](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-oci/pull/264))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Restrict get API calls to the root compartment and one zone per region in several core and file storage tables ([#264](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-oci/pull/264))
```

We can add a bit more information here to let users know what types of tables are affected. Also `API` should be capitalized.
